#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via httpx
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   outcome
    #   service-identity
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via deep-translator
bidict==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-socketio
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
branca==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   folium
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   trio
chardet==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   click
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
decorator==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
deep-translator==1.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ldapdomaindump
dropbox==12.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-socketio
flask-socketio==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
folium==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ldapdomaindump
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   wsproto
h2==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hpack==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
hstspreload==2024.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
html2image==2.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-telegram-bot
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   branca
    #   flask
    #   folium
ldap3==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ldapdomaindump
ldapdomaindump==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
numpy==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   folium
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   webdriver-manager
pillow==11.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stone
pyaes==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyrogram
    #   telethon
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ldap3
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   telegrambotapi
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrogram==2.0.106
    # via -r requirements.in
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyrogram
    #   urllib3
pytelegrambotapi==4.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   webdriver-manager
python-engineio==4.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-socketio
python-socketio==5.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-socketio
python-telegram-bot==21.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deep-translator
    #   dropbox
    #   folium
    #   html2image
    #   pytelegrambotapi
    #   telegrambotapi
    #   webdriver-manager
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   telethon
selenium==4.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
service-identity==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   telegrambotapi
simple-websocket==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-engineio
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dropbox
    #   stone
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
stone==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dropbox
telegrambotapi==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
telethon==1.37.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
trio==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   selenium
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3[socks]==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   selenium
webdriver-manager==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   html2image
    #   selenium
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wheel==0.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   simple-websocket
    #   trio-websocket
xyzservices==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   folium

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
